I think the thing that fascinates me
most about you and this is just life I
mean here we are they want to name the
stadium bill snyder stadium you said no
no we're going to name a bill snyder
family stadium because my family is the
most important thing to me and it speaks
to this what's probably the central
contradiction in your life and in all of
our lives people who are busy and and
work very hard but about if you're
spending 18 to 20 hours a day in the
office you're not spending that time
with your family
it's the kind of choices that everybody
makes in in every profession and so I'm
just curious that now that you're 74
young 74 how you've processed that and
if you do have some regrets that early
on in your life or maybe even to this
day you don't spend or didn't spend less
time at the office in more time with
your family well you know one of the
things that I learned over a period of
time is you know the you're going to
spend time I mean if you're in the
profession it's time-consuming I mean
I'm not the only football coach in the
country that the spends time doing what
they do they all do you know everybody
on there such quality coaches out there
and in it's a demanding profession that
you you can't do it without spending
time at least I don't think I mean I'm
not capable of it now the other thing is
you know I don't have all of the you
know I don't play golf not that I
haven't been on a golf course I have but
I don't play golf I don't have I'm spend
time in bars I don't do you know a lot
of other things and so the time that I
do have is spent that's that's not here
is spent you know with my family and you
know having three of our five children
you know here in Manhattan Kansas you
know they they come and go and the
grandchildren come and go in the in the
building so I get to see them frequently
and I was you know said I put Shawn's
contract that he that the grandkids had
to come John has three children you're
the boss and that they have to be here
every single day or you know he loses
his contract so there's there's more
time spent with them then you know that
some people might might perceive as far
as my wife is concerned she probably
just soon i stayed up here
twenty-four-seven I don't believe that
for a second yeah and of course life and
the good Lord has a way of rearranging
our priorities when we least expect that
you went through a very traumatic
experience with your daughter Meredith
back in February 1992 had a horrible
car accident when you got to the
hospital she was paralyzed from the neck
down and needed a ventilator to help her
breathe and I know that she's gotten
past that so first of all how is she
doing and how did that experience change
you well you know it just it allowed you
to you know to really have a tremendous
understanding of of what's right in life
and in gave me probably as much as
anything gave me just an off-the-chart
unbelievable amount of respect for the
perseverance and the toughness of my
daughter Meredith she is you know if I
have an inspiration right now you know
certainly my mother was all those years
but it just took on new meaning when
when this happened and how her recovery
you know has and what it has meant and
that has inspired me you know immensely
that and i've been i've shared used her
as an example with our players on
numerous occasions i mean you can
overcome virtually anything and and she
did you know i just i remember you know
coming out of the surgery and the
surgeon said you know Coach your
daughter's never walk again ever very
turnaround walked off and several weeks
later just standing at the foot of her
bed and you know not knowing whether she
could understand anything that was being
said or whether she was conscious or not
we did know that for quite some time and
seeing the big toe one on the right foot
twitch like that I went to the nurse and
said my daughter just moved her big toe
on the right foot and she said you know
coach that's an involuntary twitch that
doesn't mean anything and and and the
responses that i got and i understand it
i understand why you have to do that but
I you know it angered me a great deal
because I knew my daughter and I knew it
was going to be different six months
later she walked out of the Dallas rehab
center with the aid of a cane and
a helping hand and she's doing great
she's married to a high school football
coach which I tried to discourage
immensely not nothing very that's right
i discouraged him from getting into that
so he's gone considerably because he's a
hard worker as well and she has three
young boys all of them are Rugrats and
they bounce off walls and she says she
has no sort of long-term effects from
that accident oh she does I mean she
still walks you know crudely with the
aid of helping hand over a a cane but
but she he does all these things owns
and operates three businesses he manages
about 80 acres of property and handles
those three children and she's greatest
mother in the in the world she's
fantastic with them and take such great
pride in a time she's just she's like I
said she's off the charts Andrea she's
her grandmother's granddaughter oh I'm
tell me sir she's a daddy's daughter so
you must have done something right and
she ends up marrying a coach so you
really must have done something right